docs/tools.stories.mdx, before:

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';

<Meta title="Docs/Tools" />

# Tools

Looking to work more comfortably, we recommend the use of the following tools:

## 1. VISUAL CODE EXTENSIONS

- ESLINT integrates ESLint into VS Code. The extension uses the ESLint library installed in the opened workspace folder. If the folder doesn't provide one the extension looks for a global install version.

      [Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint)


- GITHUB COPILOT suggest code and entire functions in real-time right from your editor

      [Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=GitHub.copilot)

      [Learn more](github.com/features/copilot)

      [Getting Started Guide](https://docs.github.com/en/copilot/getting-started-with-github-copilot/getting-started-with-github-copilot-in-visual-studio-code)


- BETTER COMMENTS help you create more human-friendly comments in your code.

      [Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=aaron-bond.better-comments)


- HEADWIND enforces consistent ordering of Tailwind CSS classes by parsing your code and reprinting class.

      [Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=heybourn.headwind)


- TAILWIND CSS INTELLISENSE provides a better Tailwind experience with advanced features such as autocomplete, syntax highlighting, and linting.

      [Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bradlc.vscode-tailwindcss)


- PATH INTELLISENSE autocompletes filenames.

      [Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=christian-kohler.path-intellisense)


- NPM INTELLISENSE autocompletes npm modules in import statements.

      [Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=christian-kohler.npm-intellisense)


- AUTO CLOSE TAG automatically add HTML/XML close tag

      [Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=formulahendry.auto-close-tag)


- AUTO RENAME TAG automatically rename paired HTML/XML tag.

      [Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=formulahendry.auto-rename-tag)


- DotENV for .env syntax highlighting.

      [Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=mikestead.dotenv)


- LIVE SHARE enables you to collaboratively edit and debug with others in real time.

      [Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MS-vsliveshare.vsliveshare)


- LIVE SHARE AUDIO enhances the existing Visual Studio Live Share experience, by enabling you to quickly spin up an audio call directly from within Visual Studio Code.

      [Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MS-vsliveshare.vsliveshare-audio)


- RapidAPI CLIENT a full-featured HTTP client that lets you test and describes the APIs you build or consume.

      [Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=RapidAPI.vscode-rapidapi-client)

Commit message:

storybook documentation: inatall node with nvm

docs/tools.stories.mdx, after:

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';

<Meta title="Docs/Tools" />

# Tools

Looking to work more comfortably, we recommend the use of the following tools:

## 1. NODE VERSION MANAGEMENT

Using nvm (Node Version Manager) makes it easier to install and manage multiple versions of Node.js on a single local environment. Even if you only need a single version of Node.js right now, we still recommend using nvm because it allows you to switch between different versions of Node (depending on the requirements of your project) with minimal hassle.

[Install NodeJS with nvm tutorial](https://heynode.com/tutorial/install-nodejs-locally-nvm)



## 2. VISUAL CODE EXTENSIONS

- ESLINT integrates ESLint into VS Code. The extension uses the ESLint library installed in the opened workspace folder. If the folder doesn't provide one the extension looks for a global install version.

      [Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint)


- GITHUB COPILOT suggest code and entire functions in real-time right from your editor

      [Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=GitHub.copilot)

      [Learn more](github.com/features/copilot)

      [Getting Started Guide](https://docs.github.com/en/copilot/getting-started-with-github-copilot/getting-started-with-github-copilot-in-visual-studio-code)


- BETTER COMMENTS help you create more human-friendly comments in your code.

      [Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=aaron-bond.better-comments)


- HEADWIND enforces consistent ordering of Tailwind CSS classes by parsing your code and reprinting class.

      [Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=heybourn.headwind)


- TAILWIND CSS INTELLISENSE provides a better Tailwind experience with advanced features such as autocomplete, syntax highlighting, and linting.

      [Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bradlc.vscode-tailwindcss)


- PATH INTELLISENSE autocompletes filenames.

      [Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=christian-kohler.path-intellisense)


- NPM INTELLISENSE autocompletes npm modules in import statements.

      [Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=christian-kohler.npm-intellisense)


- AUTO CLOSE TAG automatically add HTML/XML close tag

      [Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=formulahendry.auto-close-tag)


- AUTO RENAME TAG automatically rename paired HTML/XML tag.

      [Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=formulahendry.auto-rename-tag)


- DotENV for .env syntax highlighting.

      [Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=mikestead.dotenv)


- LIVE SHARE enables you to collaboratively edit and debug with others in real time.

      [Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MS-vsliveshare.vsliveshare)


- LIVE SHARE AUDIO enhances the existing Visual Studio Live Share experience, by enabling you to quickly spin up an audio call directly from within Visual Studio Code.

      [Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MS-vsliveshare.vsliveshare-audio)


- RapidAPI CLIENT a full-featured HTTP client that lets you test and describes the APIs you build or consume.

      [Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=RapidAPI.vscode-rapidapi-client)
